and one Center offers a rescue service
for sir Marcin Tigers
it is a lifeline when the wild animals
have been named by Smurfs
but there's a problem it's 600 miles
across the ocean from their natural home
in Sumatra
[Music]
they're here because they've been
rescued before the poachers returned to
the snare so you've got some of the
Corbett you know toes
I wouldn't want to come face-to-face to
get in the jungle
you couldn't expect anything less than
you know like some of them have adjusted
to captivity psychologically I don't
think a wild animal ever really makes
that transition of the 500 wild tigers
in Sumatra 40 per year are being caught
and sold into the illegal wildlife trade
these ones are lucky to have denied
how many Tigers do they have here that
obscene engine well in this facility
there's about 20 all of which were born
in the wild and that is more than what
we have left now in some entire
populations in so much
that one second moment in time changes
the whole fate of each and every Tiger
she's lucky to be alive it's
heartbreaking really
Giles is meeting park manager John who
knows just how difficult it is to rescue
a tiger injured in the wild first of all
we need to send a team there to see the
situation sometimes through surgery all
these medical things the whole ordeal
can take at least a week well okay we
can only begin to imagine just how
stressful that ordeal is on a wild
animal each year several critically
injured wild tigers are transported from
Sumatra to this sanctuary because of the
long distance very few make it back so
what we really need is a facility on the
ground in Sumatra yeah where we can take
these injured Tigers - and if they can
be treated and there they can recover
and recuperate then we have an
opportunity to maybe even release them
back into the wild yes that's exactly
what we need
there's numerous projects and
organizations that have these
rehabilitation and release games that
lots of different species throughout
Samara
but what we're really lacking at the
moment is a proper and concise facility
that can do exactly that for Smart's and
tigers